Han Menglan
Why are you at my house?
You're not very polite when you go to bed
I'm your father's woman now
I can understand if you don't call me stepmother
But the word aunt has to be called out, right?
Auntie, you deserve it too
Hahaha, does it match?
What does it match your dad?
Be ignorant
I'm not mad.
As your elder
This is bleak
I still have it.
Oh passerby
I didn't expect it.
Here we are again.
But you really want to enter our uncle's door
Without my sympathy
Han Menglan, I really didn't expect it.
You have no bottom line than before
Hahaha
bottom line
You tell me the bottom line
Anyway.
Now I am the heroine of the book house
Can you enter the door of our bookseller?
Look at my mood
Han Menglan will tell you one last time
Get out of my house
Otherwise what do I get